Hello
other
forum and
portal a must for
it's not at all
here
Today
regular training
generally
what is useful
can hear a newcomer
here
they only see
raising the neck in general summer comes
in general, we are so
school would be between
everyone who works
on power cycles
that is, a small number of approaches and
repetitions
moves on
surround training
and squat time squat
here
in scope
ten times
this traction was done
Well
I think the most important point in this
what is it just strung together
load variation and cycling
there is
summer
and all sony
all speeches note is preparing
spring-autumn
and work begins on the volume
here
principle not big forests as you see
put
140 kilogram
any
exercise which
do not do exercises before that
roughly speaking helps compensate
basic exercises
because all the same if you
Well, even depends on the security forces or you
just make a base like
person
gaining ground
necessary after all
do some kind of compensating
exercises
here
because it is
minus to call is that there is only
fasting
a certain muscle group will
bandage
flaw
bodybuilding
will be visible
I already look to me personally this is not for you
what as i say
what is evil i'm doing alan coach
this is my task to raise more
quietly prevailing conditions
workout
work
here and now the last exactly ten days
backwards
so it turns out what to do
so I try to quietly she
approached to study
and
main goal raise more
Well
probably the first video of the cycle I wanted
start with him
children's section some kind of co for
newbies
that is, on the channel a lot all-all to the video
appeared to me
in general, when night comes and even
newbie all the same and i expect here
novice doesn't know what how why
a lot of information crashes him
which is actually looking at this
section there appeared out of ten form at
there is something hard in her head
there will be a section about the program and with
carrying out the program on which
engage
nutrition section there
in general, though not a specialist here
their own
you too
would like to state maybe someone won't
is useful
some major mistakes there
injury
so then we will look over this person
who starts to engage in him
say all
order for everything else this already
addition and so on like that
there is no way to write any
individual programs
trying to say it’s better just
the person looked analyzed
The set here is interestingly emphasized
and everything else is like chicken too
byproduct
Therefore, so probably somehow section
will call beginners
here if someone
interested subscribe capital
post there likes
dizlayki write comments will be very
glad
here
write blog comments there
blog program already posted video
separate blog
meant bad there on the main page
channel and if not come then will
programs
there, too, leave comments video about
this will be removed separately
Well, something like this will be training today
traction
stupidly catch up
brewed 2 sura
then made biceps
Here probably went completely at all
light weight that
and became
luxe enter
here
even I can not stop because
you will climb
I took off 8 kilograms in four days
I am trying to bring back the outcomes because very
heavy
sometimes to him a video about it as
recover after skipping after
this did not work after the disease
already relevant
legs asks
will be seen separately
Today
so
probably all
subscribe go to the website info
write here youtube comment
all for now stay 9